since times are not hidden from the
since times are not hidden from the Almighty why do those who know him see
Almighty why do those who know him see
Almighty why do those who know him see not his days some removed landmarks they
not his days some removed landmarks they
not his days some removed landmarks they cease flocks violently and feed on them
cease flocks violently and feed on them
cease flocks violently and feed on them they drive away the donkey of the
they drive away the donkey of the
they drive away the donkey of the fatherless they take the widow's arks as
fatherless they take the widow's arks as
fatherless they take the widow's arks as a pledge they pushed the needy off the
a pledge they pushed the needy off the
a pledge they pushed the needy off the road all the poor of the land are forced
road all the poor of the land are forced
road all the poor of the land are forced to hide indeed like wild donkeys in the
to hide indeed like wild donkeys in the
to hide indeed like wild donkeys in the desert they go out to their work
desert they go out to their work
desert they go out to their work searching for food the wilderness yields
searching for food the wilderness yields
searching for food the wilderness yields food for them and for their children
food for them and for their children
food for them and for their children they gather their father in the field
they gather their father in the field
they gather their father in the field and glean in the vineyard of the wicked
and glean in the vineyard of the wicked
and glean in the vineyard of the wicked they spend the night naked without
they spend the night naked without
they spend the night naked without clothing and have no Coverley in the
clothing and have no Coverley in the
clothing and have no Coverley in the cold there went with the showers of the
cold there went with the showers of the
cold there went with the showers of the mountains and huddled around the rock
mountains and huddled around the rock
mountains and huddled around the rock for want of shelter some snatched the
for want of shelter some snatched the
for want of shelter some snatched the fatherless from the breasts and take a
fatherless from the breasts and take a
fatherless from the breasts and take a pledge from the poor they cost the poor
pledge from the poor they cost the poor
pledge from the poor they cost the poor to go naked without clothing and they
to go naked without clothing and they
to go naked without clothing and they take away the sheaves from the hungry
take away the sheaves from the hungry
take away the sheaves from the hungry they press out oil within their walls
they press out oil within their walls
they press out oil within their walls and tread wine presses yet suffered
and tread wine presses yet suffered
and tread wine presses yet suffered thirst the dying grown in the city and
thirst the dying grown in the city and
thirst the dying grown in the city and the soles of the wounded cry out yet God
the soles of the wounded cry out yet God
the soles of the wounded cry out yet God does not charge them with wrong
does not charge them with wrong
does not charge them with wrong there are those who the bell against the
there are those who the bell against the
there are those who the bell against the light they do not know its ways not
light they do not know its ways not
light they do not know its ways not abide in its paths the murderer rises
abide in its paths the murderer rises
abide in its paths the murderer rises with the light he kills the poor and
with the light he kills the poor and
with the light he kills the poor and needy and in the night he is like a
needy and in the night he is like a
needy and in the night he is like a thief the eye of the adulterer wait for
thief the eye of the adulterer wait for
thief the eye of the adulterer wait for the Twilight saying no I will see me and
the Twilight saying no I will see me and
the Twilight saying no I will see me and he disguises his face in the dark they
he disguises his face in the dark they
he disguises his face in the dark they break into houses which they mark for
break into houses which they mark for
break into houses which they mark for themselves in the daytime they do not
themselves in the daytime they do not
themselves in the daytime they do not know the light for the morning is the
know the light for the morning is the
know the light for the morning is the same to them as the shadow of death if
same to them as the shadow of death if
same to them as the shadow of death if someone recognizes them they are in the
someone recognizes them they are in the
someone recognizes them they are in the terrors of the shadow of death
terrors of the shadow of death
terrors of the shadow of death they should be swift on the face of the
they should be swift on the face of the
they should be swift on the face of the waters their portion should be cursed in
waters their portion should be cursed in
waters their portion should be cursed in the earth so that no one would turn into
the earth so that no one would turn into
the earth so that no one would turn into the way of their vineyards as drought
the way of their vineyards as drought
the way of their vineyards as drought and heat consumed snow waters so the
and heat consumed snow waters so the
and heat consumed snow waters so the grave consumes those who have sinned the
grave consumes those who have sinned the
grave consumes those who have sinned the womb should forget him the worm should
womb should forget him the worm should
womb should forget him the worm should feed sweetly on him he should be
feed sweetly on him he should be
feed sweetly on him he should be remembered no more and wickedness be
remembered no more and wickedness be
remembered no more and wickedness be broken like a tree for he preys on the
broken like a tree for he preys on the
broken like a tree for he preys on the barren who cannot bear and does no good
barren who cannot bear and does no good
barren who cannot bear and does no good for the widow
for the widow
for the widow but God draws the mighty away with his
but God draws the mighty away with his
but God draws the mighty away with his power he rises up but no man is short of
power he rises up but no man is short of
power he rises up but no man is short of life he gives them security and they
life he gives them security and they
life he gives them security and they rely on it his eyes are on their ways
rely on it his eyes are on their ways
rely on it his eyes are on their ways they are exalted for a little while and
they are exalted for a little while and
they are exalted for a little while and they're gone
they're gone
they're gone they are brought low they are taken out
they are brought low they are taken out
they are brought low they are taken out of the way like all others they dry out
of the way like all others they dry out
of the way like all others they dry out like the heads of grain now if it is not
like the heads of grain now if it is not
like the heads of grain now if it is not so who will prove me a liar and make my
so who will prove me a liar and make my
so who will prove me a liar and make my speech worse than nothing